Datahouse Codebase Onboarding Document

Vision

Build an enterprise-grade operating system for the tech company of the future, capable of:
- Commercial and residential real estate development and investment analysis.
    - Motivation: Build a CRE tech consultancy. Provide products and services to investors and developers to streamline their operations, use better data, and enable more creativity in their construction and development plans.  
- Private equity and venture capital investment tracking and analysis.
    - Motivation: Startup opportunity sourcing engine. Build a private equity intelligence dashboard that predicts what PEs and VCs want people to build before people start building it.
- Autonomous agent-team software development.
    - Motivation: An in-house code shop. Manage and track development progress across many interfaces on the go or sitting in office. 
- Administrative work.
    - Motivation: Real time, and personalized - priority tracking, calendar management, financial planning, automated job scheduling, email and message drafting, and so on.

Utilities
  Module Independence vs Code Sharing
    Modules should be independent in terms of their domain logic and business rules. However, they can and should share common utilities and patterns. The key is to avoid tight coupling between modules' business logic
  What Should Be Shared (via utilities):
    Data structures and patterns
    Common calculations (e.g., financial formulas)
    File I/O operations
    Logging and error handling
    Data validation
    Common algorithms
    Configuration management
  What Should Stay Module-Specific:
    Domain-specific business rules
    Module-specific data models
    Module-specific calculations
    Module-specific validation rules
    Module-specific error handling

Next Steps
  The first priority is the CRE tech consultancy.
  The second priority is the agent-team of software developers (requires some money).
  The third priority is the administrative work.
  The last priority is the PE intelligence service.

